What's common between Keshav Maharaj, Mitchell Santner, Shakib ALHASAN , AGAR AND dunith Wellalage? 
All of them are slow left arm orthodox spinners and all of them have dismissed indian legend ,
Virat Kholi in ODIs since 2021 Maharaj, Santner and shakib have got Kholi out twice , HIS dismissal to wellalage in india's Asia CUP super four clash against Srilanka on a dry and baldr,
premadasa stadium pitch was the eighth time he had fallen to left arm spin in 28 matches since january 2021.
He has scored only 104 runs against that type of bowling having faced 159 balls 79of them dots .
He averages just 13 against left aram spin since 2021 and has strike left arm spin since 2021 and has a strike rate of 66 after his heroics against,
pakistan on the adjacent pitch on monday which hed an even grass covering and was skidding on to the bat ,
Kohli found the going tough against srilanka on a pitch that was offering grip uneven bounce and sharp turn it seemed like day three of a test in indore .
Wellage , who led srilanka under 19 in the world cup in the westindies last maech had sent back shubman gill off the first ball he had bowled .
He then produced a leading edage off kohli first ball he had bowled next ball a flick gave the indian start two runs.
The forward lunge and hard hands a no no on a pitch that is offering sharp turn though would have got the young lankan interested ,
with extra fielders inside the circle kohli found it tough to rotate the strike against wellalage who was bowling it flat and quick and was also getting it flat and quick and was also getting purches 
The fact that he is a reluctant sweeper and does'nt employ the slog sweep also plays into the hands of the bowler when,
he is on topp as there are few release shots with dots pilling up he perished while trying to whip a short of good lenghth delivery psst mid-wicket ,
but with the ball holding up he hit it in the air to srilankan up he hit it in the air to sirlankan skippper dasun shanaka and was out for 3 it was a shanaka and was out for 3 .
it was a soft dismissal but one has seen him get out like thet in paarl to maharaj,although 
He was caught on the off side and to shakib in mirpur .
The cheap dismissal anded kohli's golden run of four successive hundres at the ppremadasa.
While that won't worry him much he fact that sides often employ left arm spin the moment they see him stride out even in the IPL would get him thinking.
India's next game is against bangladesh at the premadasa on froiday and bowleves to be in business again when they come up against kohli in chennai in the first match of the world cup 
Cheppauk often is a loyal friend of spin ask adam zampa and ashton agar and how they strangled india in march there 

